active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_challenging, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_caring, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, ideal
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, implicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
passive, explicit, ideal
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_negative, implicit, descriptive
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
not_applicable
not_applicable
not_applicable
not_applicable
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, ideal
active_positive_caring, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_negative, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, implicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
not_applicable
not_applicable
not_applicable
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, ideal
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
not_applicable
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
passive, implicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, ideal
passive, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, implicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_negative, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_caring, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
active_positive_other, explicit, descriptive
not_applicable
